clarifications to libp2p requirements and block validation (#284)
filecoin-project/specs: validation.md

{{% notice info %}}

> Once the block passes validation, it should be added to the local datastore, even in the case where we don't accept it as our best tip right now. Future blocks from other miners may be mined on top of it and in that case we will want to have it around to avoid refetching. Blocks a certain distance from the current chain height may be dropped (exact number TBD, but blocks that havent been included after several days may be purged).

Reviewer: Phrasing suggestions: 
```suggestion
Once the block passes validation, it must be added to the local datastore, regardless whether it is understood as the best tip at this point. Future blocks from other miners may be mined on top of it and in that case we will want to have it around to avoid refetching. Blocks a certain distance from the current chain height may be dropped (exact number TBD, but blocks that havent been included after several days may be purged).
```
